Enhance description of 'auto.failover' property (#7179)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/efm/5/04_configuring_efm/01_cluster_properties.mdx

<div id="auto_failover" class="registered_link"></div>

> The `auto.failover` property enables automatic failover. By default, `auto.failover` is set to `true`. Failover Manager checks this property before completing the final primary database checks, running any VIP checks, and choosing a standby to promote. Other steps leading up to promotion still occur—for example, shutting down an unreachable primary.

Author: ```suggestion
The `auto.failover` property enables automatic failover. By default, `auto.failover` is set to `true`. Failover Manager checks this property before running any VIP checks, choosing a standby to promote, and signaling that standby agent to begin promotion. Other steps leading up to promotion still occur—for example, shutting down an unreachable primary.
```

That might not be the tightest prose, but the failed db checks happen before this step so I pulled that part out. There are other things that happen that we could put in the list, but they're kind of technical and wordy to describe.
